---
title: "Project"
date: 2020-12-07T11:05:00+02:00
draft: false
---

I decided to dump my course project. It is archived in the coursework folder.

My first idea was a microblogging site as this is a common sample across various tutorials. I think I was able to learn the concepts presented in the tutorials in a project context building something bigger. However, I am not keen to complete this project because it is not very exciting and I'd like to come up with something more original.

I came up with an idea this morning, that is not too complex yet not too simple either.

I am going to create an ordering app for a coffee shop offering monthly coffee subscription membership. This is a real life case; Pret in the U.K. is offering a £20 pound monthly subscription  with (almost) unlimited coffee. I think this sounds like a fun backend project to implement.

Some of the resources to be implemented:
- product categories
- products
- orders
- members
- subsriptions


###routes (idea)

- [ ] GET categories/
- [ ] GET categories/:id/products/
- [ ] GET products/:id
- [ ] POST members
- [ ] GET members/
- [ ] GET members/:id
- [ ] GET members/:id/orders
- [ ] GET members/:id/orders/:id
- [ ] POST orders/
- [ ] GET orders/
- [ ] GET orders/:id


### The membership has the following rules that must be observed

- The membership is valid for 30 days from the time of activation
- The member gets a unique QR code that must be scanned at the till to redeem a free drink
- The QR code can be used to redeem a free drink up to 5 times a day, with with the maximum of one redemption every 30 minutes.

